= apphunk

A library that posts messages to the remote logging service apphunk.com.

== Setup

Make sure you have a running instance of apphunkd on your machine:
  gem install apphunkd
  apphunkd start
  
The daemon acts as a proxy between your app(s) and apphunk.com. 
It comes with init.d and monit scripts so you may want to check out its documentation: http://github.com/apphunk/apphunkd

Add the gem as dependency if you are on Rails 2.x
  config.gem "apphunk"

or add it to you Gemfile for Rails 3 and pure Ruby:
  gem "apphunk"


== Configuration

Use the Apphunk.config method to configure the behaviour of the Gem and its outgoing messages. (Note: Each option can be overriden by Apphunk.post’s option parameter.) 
If the Gem is used as part of a Rails application, the configuration should go to config/initializers/apphunk.rb.

  Apphunk.config do |config|
    config.token = "secret_project_token"
  end

For more information about the available configuration options, check the Rdoc: http://rdoc.info/projects/apphunk/apphunk (Apphunk::Config class).

== Usage

Sending messages is as easy as:
  
  Apphunk.post("Hello World")

or 

  Apphunk.post("Do you like my tags?", :tags => 'hello, world, messages')

As noted above, each configuration option (Apphunk::Config) can be explicitly specified while posting a message:

  Apphunk.post("Posting to another project", :token => 'another_projects_token')


More details: http://rdoc.info/projects/apphunk/apphunk (Apphunk class)

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add specs for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Get bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Andreas Wolff. See LICENSE for details.
